# City Side

This side of the astroid contains a partly subterranean village with a permanent population of about 100 and 20 to 50 temporary residents (usually [[astro scrap hunters|astro scrappers]])

Many exchanges in [[The Scrapyard belt]] are made by bartering with scrap and technology. That said, people here also have a good-for-one good-for-all philosophy. Meaning a lot of the time things are given freely if it will aid in the survival of a person or peoples.

## Above the Ground

All of the building above ground are made from random pieces of scrap welded together.

These buildings tend to be commercial not residential and each one is usually made by someone for their own or community use. Some buildings above ground are:

- [[The greenhouse]]
- [[The Silos]]
- [[Atkins Augmentation]]
- [[The Bookkeepers Building]]
- [[The Landing Pads]]

## Below the Ground

Below the ground most buildings are residential with some exceptions.

These are some of the areas underground:

- [[The Residential Tunnels]]
- [[Community Halls]] + Bar
- [[The Warehouse]]
- [[The furnaces]]
- [[Healers office]]

## Infrastructure

The entire underground section of the city is sealed with [[air gates]] and oxygenated. It also is heated by vents linking to large [[The furnaces|furnaces]] of pyrus beans.

They have pluming that sends all organic waste into storage next to [[The greenhouse]]. Any non-organic waste gets thrown into space.

Electricity is generated by precisely firing photons around the black hole and recapturing them after they get slingshot around and gaining lots of energy. They can also use the pyrus beans to generate electricity if need be.
